What is OOP
What are the Four Pillars of OOP?
What is Encapsulation
how do you achieve Encapsulation? 
What is Abstraction?
how do you achieve Abstraction ?
Can we create an object (instantiate) of an Abstract Class?
How does encapsulation differ from abstraction?
Abstract Class vs. Interface
When should you use an Abstract Class vs. an Interface?
Can an Abstract Class have a final method?
Can a method be both abstract and final? 
What is Inheritance?
How to implement Inheretance?
What is the super keyword? 
What are the different types of inheritance?
What order constructors called in inheritance?
Can you inherit a final class or override a final method?
Are private members inherited?
What is the Diamond Problem?
Inheritance vs. Composition: Which is better?
---
What are Access Modifiers? ***
List the four levels of access
What is the "Default" modifier?
Can a Top-Level Class be private or protected? 
How do access modifiers relate to Encapsulation? ***
Can you change the access level of a method when overriding it?
Why should instance variables almost always be private? ***
When would you use a private constructor?
Is protected access safe?
What is an Interface and why is it used? *** 
Can we instantiate an Interface?
What is the difference between an Interface and an Abstract Class?
What is a Marker Interface?
Can an Interface have method implementations? 
What happens if a class implements two interfaces that have the same default method?
Are all methods in an interface implicitly public?
What is a Functional Interface? *** 
"Design for an Interface, not an Implementation": What does this mean? *** 
Why does a class "implement" an interface but "extend" a class? *** 
What is an Abstract Class?
Can an Abstract Class have a Constructor?
Why can't we instantiate an Abstract Class? 
What is the difference between an Abstract Class and an Interface?
When would you choose an Interface over an Abstract Class? 
Can an Abstract Class have zero abstract methods?
Can a method be both abstract and static?
Can an Abstract Class be final? 
What happens if a subclass does not implement all abstract methods of its parent? 
What is a "Partial Implementation"? 
Can an Abstract Class implement an Interface?
How would you model a Payment System using Abstract Classes
---